README.md, before:

# YouTubedl2HTML
A java gui that uses youtube-dl to replace the some of the basic functionality of the defuct BYTubeD

Not particularly complex or flexible, just what I need for my everyday browsing habits.
Place in  folder with youtube-dl.exe where it will keep it's files. 
Open and place videoe it will keep it's files. 
Open and place links in text area. 
Choose resolution and file type, it will get the best file up to the chosen resolution of that file type. 
Press get button. 
If you don't have youtube-dl.exe it will prompt you to download it.
It creates a html file with the links and open them up in your default browser.
A separate html is created for any errors.

Having the advanced tab open when you press the get button will search for the best audio and video file if options are checked. 
If both checked will return two files BASH files, one with only video and one with only audio. 
If you aren't sure what that means, or how to use those flies, you probably don't want to be using this option.

Commit message:

Version 0.6
Redundant link check: won't create entry for identical video url.
Fixed text formatting error.

README.md, after:

# YouTubedl2HTML
A java gui that uses youtube-dl to replace the some of the basic functionality of the defunct BYTubeD

Not particularly complex or flexible, just what I need for my everyday browsing habits.
Place in  folder with youtube-dl.exe where it will keep it's files. 
Open and place video links in text area. 
Some good tools for grabbing links are Easy Copy and LinkSidebar.
Open and place links in text area. 
Choose resolution and file type, it will get the best file up to the chosen resolution of that file type. 
Press get button. 
If you don't have youtube-dl.exe it will prompt you to download it.
It creates a html file with the links and open them up in your default browser.
A separate html is created for any errors.

Having the advanced tab open when you press the get button will search for the best audio and video file if options are checked. 
If both checked will return two files BASH files, one with only video and one with only audio. 
If you aren't sure what that means, or how to use those files, you probably don't want to be using this option.
